# JSNAD-Practice
This little practice is part of my own exam preparations before the Linux Foundation Certified App Developer exam. 
This small script runs a dialogue that deploys a folder to the default location of your home folder with the name
**JSNAD-Assignements**, but you will be asked if you want any other location as well. 

## What this program is not!
_(for my students, or any others' students)_\
This is not an example of great coding practices. This is an ad hoc script with focus on fast production. However
I have for the sake of sanity done some minimum measures to maintain scalability and error handling. 

## Only tested on Windows
Although the program have been written to work on all relevant platforms; windows; mac; linux; _it has not been
tested on any other platform than windows_, so expect some error cases not to be covered. I strongly suspect that
permissions might be an issue running on linux or mac. On windows, any install location is valid.

## To deploy
- clone this project
- in the root folder of the project, run 'node deployChapters.js'
- follow the instructions of the dialogue

_now do your assignments and get ready for that exam_

## From the author
The tasks themselves are generated by GPT-4o, but some of them have been modified by myself. They are supplied as
in json format, and I intend to expand this project in the future so you can run this program as a local web-
server and use your web-browser to read them. I also intend to include unit testing to enhance positive 
renoforcement when completing the tasks.

**sincerely**

_Superpadde_
